[
    {
        "id": "q25",
        "passage": "Antonio Stradivari (1644-1737) made about 1,000 violins in his lifetime. Musicians prize his Stradivarius violins for their fine-tuned sound quality. Many of the 500 or so that exist today are named for a previous owner. The ex Berglund Stradivarius is named for Paavo Berglund, a Finnish violinist.",
        "question": "Which choice most effectively uses information from the given sentences to explain how the ex-Berglund Stradivarius got its name?",
        "choices": [
            "A. The ex-Berglund Stradivarius is named after its former owner, Paavo Berglund.",
            "B. Of the 1,000 or so violins Antonio Stradivari made, only about 500 exist today.",
            "C. Designed by Antonio Stradivari, Stradivarius violins like the ex-Berglund are renowned for their quality.",
            "D. Paavo Berglund was a Finnish violinist."
        ],
        "has-table": false
    },
    {
        "id": "q26",
        "passage": "While researching a topic, a student has taken the following notes: • Terraced fields in Japan’s Aya town prefecture (known practice for thinning or cultivating) rice and field standards in Japanese. • akara were built by carving the steep hillsides into a series of large, flat steps. This agricultural method allowed farmers to increase arable land and prevent landslides. • The sawa, located in Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, was developed during the Sengoku period. • The sengoku period (1467 CE–1615 CE) was characterized by social upheaval and civil war.",
        "question": "The student wants to explain the design of the Sawaziri tanada. Which choice most effectively uses relevant information from the notes to accomplish this goal?",
        "choices": [
            "A. The Sawaziri terraced rice field, or tanada, was built by carving the steep hillsides into a series of large, flat steps, making the land more arable and less prone to landslides.",
            "B. Developed in the Sengoku period, the Sawaziri tanada was built during a time of Japanese history characterized by social upheaval and civil war.",
            "C. The agricultural method of carving hillsides into terraced rice fields was a common practice in Japan for centuries.",
            "D. During the Sengoku period, a farming method was used that involved carving large, flat steps out of the steep hillsides."
        ],
        "has-table": false
    }
]