```json
[
    {
        "id": "q26",
        "passage": "● A Foucault pendulum dangles from a fixed point that ensures the swing path of the pendulum doesn't change.\n● To an observer, the swing path of a Foucault pendulum appears to change over time because Earth rotates beneath it.",
        "question": "The student wants to emphasize a similarity between the two locations. Which choice most effectively uses relevant information from the notes to accomplish this goal?",
        "choices": [
            "A. Because Earth rotates beneath it, the swing path of the Foucault pendulum at the Museu de les Ciències Príncipe Felipe appears to change over time.",
            "B. The Museu de les Ciències Príncipe Felipe, which is home to a Foucault pendulum, is in Spain, not Romania.",
            "C. The Museu de les Ciències Príncipe Felipe in Valencia, Spain, and Vasile Alecsandri National College in Galați, Romania, both house Foucault pendulums.",
            "D. One Foucault pendulum is in Spain, and the other is in Romania."
        ],
        "has-table": false
    },
    {
        "id": "q27",
        "passage": "● The Music by Black Composers (MBC) project aims to inspire aspiring music students by archiving and sharing information about the music of Black classical composers.\n● William Benjamin Cooper is a Black classical music composer included in MBC's Historic Composers Directory.\n● He was born in 1920 and died in 1993.",
        "question": "Which choice most effectively uses information from the given sentences to set up a discussion of Cooper's career for an audience already familiar with the MBC project?",
        "choices": [
            "A. While William Benjamin Cooper is considered a great composer, there are many more such composers included in the MBC Historic Composers Directory.",
            "B. The MBC project's Historic Composers Directory highlights Black classical composers of the past, such as William Benjamin Cooper (1920-1993), in order to inspire music students to become the classical composers of the future.",
            "C. Among the many talented figures included in the MBC project is classical music composer William Benjamin Cooper.",
            "D. Born in 1920, William Benjamin Cooper passed away in 1993, according to the MBC project."
        ],
        "has-table": false
    }
]
```